Release 0.7 (#47)
NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr: doc/release_notes.rst

See the release notes for the information about specific npmx-zephyr releases.

[0.7.0] - 12/07/2023
---------------------

> Added
> ~~~~~
> - Added fuel gauge sample.
> - Added support for nrfxlib.
> - Shell commands:
>     - `npmx buck status power get`
>     - `npmx buck mode`
>     - `npmx charger module ntc set`
>     - `npmx charger module ntc get`
>     - `npmx reset`
> 
> Changed
> ~~~~~~~
> - Updated npmx version to 0.7.0.
> - Aligned samples and shell to:
>     - new convert functions format
>     - `npmx_adc_meas_get()` API
>     - new backend handling method
> - Removed all unused symbols.
> - Added checking for charger status when setting NTC in shell command `npmx adc ntc set`.
> 
> Fixed
> ~~~~~
> - Fixed documentation building by removing path dependency.
> - Fixed shell commands not to accept invalid inputs.
> - Minor fixes and improvements in documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added
~~~~~

- Added the fuel gauge sample.
- Added support for nrfxlib.
- Added shell commands:
    - `npmx buck status power get`
    - `npmx buck mode`
    - `npmx charger module ntc set`
    - `npmx charger module ntc get`
    - `npmx reset`

Changed
~~~~~~~

- Updated the npmx version to 0.7.0.
- Aligned samples and shell to the following changes:
    - A new format for convert functions
    - `npmx_adc_meas_get()` API
    - A new backend handling method
- Removed all unused symbols.
- Added checking functionality for a charger status when setting NTC with the `npmx adc ntc set` shell command.

Fixed
~~~~~

- Fixed documentation building by removing the path dependency.
- Fixed shell commands to prevent accepting invalid inputs.
- Minor fixes and improvements in documentation.
```
